my name is Jeremy Kent I want to
introduce you guys to someone special
tonight this is my fiancee Melissa go
ahead and stand up babe come on stand up
I know I'm thinking I'm sorry earlier
this year we had some tough news some
really tough news can we do something
special for the most special person in
my life tonight you'll be brave for her
[Applause]
[Music]
you heard tonight now we have an artist
he's had 32 number one
4.5 million out unsolved
Jeremy can do believe you're getting
married yeah but we'll see get better I
don't know son
you're only 20 years old you just met
this girl I'm supposed to be with her
I can't explain it I just know that
Josie I want you to know that whatever
this is then wherever it takes us that
I'm with you every step every moment I'm
with you I'm so in
I would love you cherish you every
moment of every day I'll meet the love
of your life
and your biggest fan
[Applause]
this was my destiny stop you were the
strong one not me
all I have are questions what am I
supposed to do with that
[Music]
I keep thinking
one person's life is changed by what I
go through
they hope you're there
I still believe
[Music]
so how would you feel about going to the
mountains of Christmas with grace she
really wants to get to know you guys
that's our mom's hat Wow okay I don't
want to leave you here with the kids if
you're not feeling okay yeah I'm feeling
fine it was my idea and it's a couple
days I can do a couple days okay guys
I'm off what is that that's right
everyone committed to the honey so far
repent and you will find salvage things
are very uncomfortable between us we're
stuck in a house together
[Music]
what is this the power's out where are
my things it makes no sense what I heard
something
hello did you do that we didn't do
anything
we're leaving what are you talking about
look outside we're stuck here
[Music]
okay
trust me
you have nothing to be scared about
[Music]
now time for the man you've all been
waiting for the king of the high streets
you've been described as the
unacceptable face of capitalism I've
done nothing wrong
[Music]
this is Nick he's chronically by life it
just loves money he peed himself on his
wife
1.2 billion Pope this is for all of you
[Music]
you're the fashion yes Judas please look
a bit more like a model before start
look great it was his own learn from the
start what is the average wage in Sri
Lanka 50 Pete and day imagine how many
dresses I can get made there's a bully
not you educate my parasite its Korsak
tax avoidance go wide look at that you
got by a view like that oh wait no I
have we've been working on this party
for over a year he wants it to repair
his reputation it's all about image
the to PR at the model it's all part of
a brand
how about is it you know it reads the
mail online is cleavage clickbait yeah I
said I'm the tip this time
[Music]
Angelina's now amazing and sharing the
nose you can get doubles quick question
I know your mind the look-alikes yep
Simon Cowell he's good yeah yeah looks
like wants to do it it's her older
brother George Michael chuckles bad fake
you stop staring at me please it's very
off-putting
or noise I'm in the business of loud
why have you got a lion we recreate in
Gladiator
[Music]
that's fuchsia yeah fuchsia you should
spit in your faces I want in your face I
am in your face
[Music]
you guys hear that
the science of porn is well-known the
human brain when aroused by erotic
images dumps chemicals into the
bloodstream which send the viewer into
full throttle
give me more mode that's right and we
may think that we're just being curious
but that will turn into an obsession
[Music]
when I watch that movie
see kids that's why I don't watch porn
[Music]
how are things not be looking after the
girls and Peter's always tied up with
something I think he's cheating on me
[Music]
isn't it more whining yeah penny you
want me to kill your husband no one
would suspect you money isn't a problem
[Music]
how much we prepare to pay
let's go outside in advance I'll be in
touch about dates and all that are you
alright
where will you be staying adios I just
sort want to know where you are
[Music]
this is insane we have to continue with
our plan
[Music]
there you are
Conte let go of that feeling the ND
you know nothing
[Music]
[Applause]
the whole thing so sad Vera was the best
I'm gonna make film tell the story of
Farah
I think it's better just alexinnz lie
[Music]
you knew there as well as anyone didn't
to me she was a mystery
we questioned close to 150 people and
there was proof she had been maltreated
at home bastard let him move rocks even
though you never made a confession and
her body was never found
you were found guilty do you maintain
your innocence it's a human weakness to
be obsessed with the truth weird
sentence a moral murder without a corpse
what is isn't are you serious there is
some strange stuff in this story why
don't you explain it where did you get
this
[Music]
can I come in I'd seen the marks on my
body she never talked about it
no this feels wrong do you think it's a
bad idea
you and I have a very different view of
morality I don't know what to think
Henry because I know that you've lied
we've got the wrong bloke blocked up I
did not kill there we can't continue
like this
I've never played for us why don't you
little people I need to know everything
[Music]
hey come on just tell me what happened
tonight
Zack and I broke up oh my god sweetie no
Joel don't don't do anything you just
have no idea what I'm going through
you'd be surprised don't tell you a
story you were singing dancing on a
fountain that's how I remember it
where should we go now I go over the
hill to Hollywood
[Applause]
[Music]
let me get out of here where would you
want to go anywhere what would you want
to do anything
[Music]
he's bad news
you don't date guys like that
maybe that's good for a change
are you doing this who's rich people are
gonna hate you themselves I got a
special guest here this evening
there's a stash in college where is it
cleanup city you're not moving across
the country with the guy we've never met
so you have this shiny bright perfect
life I don't know how to fit into this
[Music]
everything my friends got about you you
just proved them right why do you care
what they think
[Music]
it's just me and you
[Applause]
I have been here with sighing sound you
have been mine before
and have stranger hello hello stranger
hello mom
I can't bear to think you're unhappy
Jamie I'm fine
fine isn't the same as happy no we're
happy are we oh yes we're fine I'm going
to leave she'll be better off without me
I don't want to be here when you do it
you can't just walk away after 29 years
you have to try I have tried for 29
years
No
[Music]
if I play me for anything it would be
letting her think that you were happy
you think maybe you walk back through
that door it really could happen he's in
love
if your life hurts you so much I won't
stop you
[Music]
I mean what gave you the right that's
enough I thought there were three
unhappy people
now there's only one his name is Edward
stay at least a Oh Tommy Everett would
not here
[Music]
[Applause]
if we get a divorce I get less than if
he died oh yes so it would be better for
me if you were dead
[Music]
she found her
Lowman theresa murphy i'm elena petrova
syllable celebrate life you see the
giant pound horrible
because they did pass a HIPAA
[Music]
Rosetta
Sophia's educator at the pizza boy
Kuya so they develop a Los Angeles hush
it Massachusetts in combined promenade
from Turkish Buddha movie John Mayer our
young set to schedule so she can leave
over my presence a passage in my say
Baskerville which was here government
whenever go visit Samba I see medieval
you
[Music]
come here at Austin pepper
okay
kidoh Nietzsche Don Bosco division fifa
[Music]
for now you know what the
difference is between Adolf Hitler now
Capone it was dead Capone was like a
king in Florida he has full-blown
dementia
I have a reason to believe I could all
be an elaborate Act what's this about we
have information that your client may
have tucked away a very large sum of
money can drop that
[Music]
walking them out
guys like you on this place ten million
dollars
maybe I can get into talking
we go on rampage
we made a promise someday we was gonna
make it big
the only thing that really matters is
how imagine spam school do you realize
where we are no look a real man the
clean modernist thing the cool-blue
color palette
we're in Mikey oh did you say I can't
nope
I said Falconeri just like you Shaggy
and Scooby were taken yeah this blue
light came down from the sky and beamed
them up thank you agree I have to assume
that if they were with their friends
they wouldn't have been kidnapped okay
can you skip the emotional punishment
with some guy who almost goofy and
Shaggy I don't know but I'd like to
shake the hand of whoever created this
and then you know throw that hand in
prison for trying to kill our friends
[Applause]
[Music]
this mangy stray is coming with me he's
not a stray okay then what's his name
his name's Scooby middle name doobie
last name gentlemen welcome aboard this
isn't about some guy in a rubber mask I
would have gotten away with this and the
word for you mentally this is about one
of us
[Music]
hang on turn on the lights
where are my balloons didi when I say
Falcon fury that's supposed to cue the
balloons oh great great timing you might
want to buckle up
[Music]
maybe this can lead us to our culprit
jinkies apparently he's been stealing
Netflix by using his mother's account
that is not fair for the rest of us who
have to pay for Netflix you have to pay
for Netflix
if you want you go pull over and drop us
off here
I guess our new movie is an origin story
that we hear oh I want the rock to play
me so how long you for this time I think
another week I'll keep my fingers
crossed for you yeah talked with each
other in here Jimmy be careful if you go
in that way there's no way to track you
I just want to get out there bag my buck
this season
we're still money this attracts animals
a manhunt continues for five suspects in
a violent armed robbery the five are
considered armed and extremely dangerous
nobody's gonna pin you down that's for
sure
damn straight
give us the money back we know
everything about you go ahead kill me I
don't get
the blood on your jacket looks pretty
fresh
you
what you feel that what's your name
Isaac Cyprus Oh Isaac can you tell us
what happened that afternoon a meteorite
with smoke trailing behind it up here
and over the skies of Los Angeles
yesterday Isaac well you've been you got
a minute
I want to show you something you're
saying this real
[Music]
are you okay you leave me right we're a
bit for the last few days yesterday yeah
yesterday day before I'm not making this
up this really happened to me okay
people gone for work all week did you
have an encounter with an
extraterrestrial be
[Music]
how does it feel knowing that people are
saying that Europe's fish
we have detained you against your will
because we believe you have information
that may be valuable to the future of
our society
when it come to get one chance reason
that we were exposed to something that
could have changed we have to be there
when they come that's a bad idea that's
great too dangerous do we really have
another choice I remember what it was
like and I'm not going through that
again
how did she take us
I saw something that I wasn't supposed
to see
and they sent those two guys over to our
apartment Georgia I've been hiding in
Paris ever since Sam it was get out
there and do something you waste all
your paint on that internet cutting up
those newspapers and putting them
together
whatever it was it's been over
giorgia
[Music]
it's her
I have to find out does what say the
same nurse
Georgia Georgia
samms hypnic room oops cat now this is
gonna sound insane I think Georgia
supplies so Georgia died in a fire
I think she changed her look completely
dyed her hair and removed her tattoos
she goes by Lauren Clark now are you
Georgia all right I don't know who you
are
I know you on the guy what did you do
I'm gonna lob a hit list
they found me here they'll find us
anywhere
finish the job
[Music]
I call this thing you threaten me
I just have to know if it's you
I never expected to be sued as a doctor
and thinking of settling am I supposed
to do we want me to save rich suppose I
was one of your patients what do you
tell me I tell you to fight yeah
[Music]
they're gonna come looking for us on the
search for two fugitives suspected bombs
robbery earlier this evening
[Music]
without him we had that time this is
perfect
isolated remote
my brother already has your wife and get
your operating doc my brother dies I'm
gonna kill you
look who your daughter I'm gonna kill
your wife and I'm gonna kill your dad
are we gonna be okay
used to be the big dog in town
don't try anything I start cutting bite
on this
[Music]
we have to take control
I'm scared for you Lamas
[Music]
what are you gonna do I'm gonna fight
him
[Music]
get out later now
and toughs on a huh
[Music]
are you going to be okay when I'm gone
my fifth tour of course I will
of course a gap
[Music]
I'm Kate Barkley Colonel Barclays way
let's come up with some exciting
activities to do while our service
people are away what about singing
singing let's just get the strippers in
this singing club is gonna be a lot of
fun and uplifting and there'll be a few
beers afterwards know whether they go in
it oh thanks very much Lisa that's
lovely got to learn to move one my
parents divorce you wouldn't play that
thing without any music really music
makes things a bit stilted I'm not sure
Mozart whatever
I was like the incantations of a bunch
of witches sit dramatic if you think
singing it with a pole up your arse is
what the women need then you're more out
of touch the night off
more troops are being deployed to
Afghanistan I just feel sick all the
time every time the phone rings every
time the doorbell goes you may not need
the choir Lisa those women do
[Applause]
sometimes when I think of her name when
it's only a game top brass heard you
rehearsing and you've been invited to
sing at the festival of remembrance the
big one on TV this is gonna be a
disaster this is a professional event we
cannot embarrass ourselves be doing
checking my heart rate sucker for you
don't let your choking yourself there
are gonna be so many people like those
we the loved ones at risk
and I want to do this for them I know
what it feels a bit much but we can
survive the last five months he's about
five minutes out there this car isn't
I'd seen for ourselves
today in her
come and see no thank you it's like
childbirth best to be completely
oblivious until it's happening
[Music]
jealous we've not made a lady you are a
substantial amount on your bar bill come
over to the bar with me was set up and
used to in a carry on without me
do we know I'll come over after if I
feel like what are you waiting for
I started before or what
they're a a so c'mon bruh AJ we should
be celebrating shut when we come on
would you come and see what as they live
in my no rules that you a any boy we
urge you as I'm your brothers in the
serious bit of trouble or was it going
what's happened
are you in trouble where's a little
money boy you bowl a pea boulders brass
and tell us that sour things are gonna
live who do you think you are some kind
of Illinois sorry
I mean you like real men we've ever
Donnie suck and fade
[Music]
I'll tell you what let's leave it to God
I know I hate this game like life
requires forethought that's not about
where you are where you will be in 10
moves or 10 years
heart attack how'd that even happen that
was in better shape than either of us
yeah
there's something I need to discuss with
you what is it your father left this for
you
[Music]
and you alone does any daughter really
know her father show me your face
Lauren Elizabeth Montero you're not like
him I suspect you're better than he ever
was
who are you I'd like to think I'm a
member of the Sally
are there any old enemies of dads that I
should be aware of
we both know he was no saint someone was
threatening our family and dumped his
body in the river you said you could
have the truth I know things I'll take
to the brave you give me what I asked
for and I will tell you everything
you think this is against
what else was my dad hiding a lawyer a
banker a politician who'd you talk to
they hung the Holy Trinity your father
had no right to do what he did right the
family
when all is said and done you will know
the truth
and you will send me free
the truth must stay buried what's your
name qingxue they call me cookie my
mother died when I was born and my
father died I gotta stop moving it's the
getting stuff that that's the puzzle no
way for poor man to stop you have a cow
horse cow in the territory stay in a
place for cows there's no place for a
white man you know presents opportunity
here
[Music]
good lord give me another i'll give you
sixteen gets for that last one digest
london in this game
we have to take what we can when the
taking is good seems dangerous so is
anything worth doing
cow until she barely produces a thing
some people can't imagine being stolen
from its hope it's one of those
[Music]
we got a window here cookie history
isn't here yet it's coming that maybe
it's time we can take it on our own
terms
[Music]
you okay
can I ask you a question okay what what
kind of endings do you prefer depends on
the story what happens in yours my story
a man sets off on a long voyage and all
that comes one obstacle after another
and on the last page he has to decide to
continue his life in exile or to come
back home through one was once
you want to tell me something they all
have regrets
everything is why does everyone continue
to refer to dad as if he's not here I
just don't know what you could have to
bake some hard traces
we keep reminding if someone that I once
knew
dad wake up
we're never far away you go always
you